Bluetooth hids mouse sample testing sample changes (#19039)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/peripheral_hids_mouse/README.rst

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/peripheral_hids_mouse`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_ns.txt

.. include:: /includes/nRF54H20_erase_UICR.txt

.. note::

>    |54H_engb_2_8|

Author: this is maintained by the tech writers and if necessary they will probably align it for NCS 2.9

>    |54H_engb_2_8|

Reviewer: @annwoj

>    |54H_engb_2_8|

Reviewer 2: @FrancescoSer is it okay to remove it in this PR or do you have a separate cleanup task planned?

>    |54H_engb_2_8|

Reviewer 3: This note should stay there, please check the note text contain in the file, it was updated do reflect 2.9 reality

   west build -b *board_target* -S nordic-bt-rpc -- -DFILE_SUFFIX=bt_rpc

.. _peripheral_hids_mouse_ncd_build:

nRF Connect for Desktop build
=============================

> To build this sample in the configuration variant that is compatible with `nRF Connect for Desktop`_, disable the following Bluetooth features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build this sample in the configuration variant that is compatible with `Bluetooth Low Energy app`_, disable the following Bluetooth features:
```

> * Privacy (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY`) - `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ does not fully support the Bluetooth Privacy feature by disallowing distribution of the Identity Resolving Key (IRK) during the pairing procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Privacy (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY`) - the `Bluetooth Low Energy app`_ does not fully support the Bluetooth Privacy feature by disallowing distribution of the Identity Resolving Key (IRK) during the pairing procedure.
```

> * Privacy (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY`) - `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ does not support Bluetooth Privacy very well and does not allow distribution of the Identity Resolving Key (IRK) during the Bluetooth pairing procedure.

Author: you are right - this sounds a bit bad. I will change to "fully"

> * High-duty directed advertising (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIRECTED_ADVERTISING`) - high-duty directed advertising with 3.75 ms advertising interval and 1.28 s duration prevents the subsequent undirected advertising from being reported in the scanning list of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* High-duty directed advertising (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_DIRECTED_ADVERTISING`) - high-duty directed advertising with 3.75 ms advertising interval and 1.28 s duration prevents the subsequent undirected advertising from being reported in the scanning list of `Bluetooth Low Energy app`_ .
```

  As a result, it is only possible to connect to the target DK during the very short interval of high-duty directed advertising.

To build the sample in the compatible configuration, use the following command:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   west build -b *board_target* -- -DCONFIG_BT_DIRECTED_ADVERTISING=n -DCONFIG_BT_PRIVACY=n

.. note::
   If you want to combine this build configuration with the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse_bt_rpc_build`, use the following command:

   .. parsed-literal::
      :class: highlight

>       west build -b *board_target* -S nordic-bt-rpc -- -DFILE_SUFFIX=bt_rpc -DCONFIG_BT_DIRECTED_ADVERTISING=n -DCONFIG_BT_PRIVACY=n -Dipc_radio_CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY=n

Reviewer 4: I'd prefer to keep it as is. I don't like the idea of building from the testcase - it's less straight forward.

>       west build -b *board_target* -S nordic-bt-rpc -- -DFILE_SUFFIX=bt_rpc -DCONFIG_BT_DIRECTED_ADVERTISING=n -DCONFIG_BT_PRIVACY=n -Dipc_radio_CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY=n

Author: yes, this also has educational value as it demonstrates what Kconfig option in the Bluetooth stack is responsible for enabling Privacy. We have never relied on the `-T` build variant in the documentation of our projects.

To test with `nRF Connect for Desktop`_, complete the following steps:

.. note::

>    To execute the testing steps below, you must build the sample in the configuration that is compatible with `nRF Connect for Desktop`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To execute the testing steps below, you must build the sample in the configuration that is compatible with `Bluetooth Low Energy app`_.
```

>    See the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse_ncd_build` section to learn how build the compatible sample configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   See the :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse_ncd_build` section to learn how to build a compatible sample configuration.
```
